README.md, before:

Pikirasa
========
Easy PKI public/private RSA key encryption using the OpenSSL extension

What's up with the name?
------------------------
Pikirasa is just "PKI RSA" with a few exta vowels thrown in. Also, I created this project late on a Friday night, so I just couldn't bring myself to name it anything serious.

Example Usage
-------------

All your need is the full path to your public and/or private key files:
```php
$rsa = new Pikirasa\RSA('file://path/to/public.pem', 'file://path/to/private.pem');

$data = 'abc123';
$encrypted = $rsa->encrypt($data);
$decrypted = $rsa->decrypt($encrypted);
var_dump($decrypted); // 'abc123'
```

You can also use the string contents of your public and private keys instead of a file stream location:

```php
$publicKey = '
-----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY-----
MIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIBCgKCAQEA7o9A47JuO3wgZ/lbOIOs
Xc6cVSiCMsrglvORM/54StFRvcrxMi7OjXD6FX5fQpUOQYZfIOFZZMs6kmNXk8xO
hgTmdMJcBWolQ85acfAdWpTpCW29YMvXNARUDb8uJKAApsISnttyCnbvp7zYMdQm
HiTG/+bYaegSXzV3YN+Ej+ZcocubUpLp8Rpzz+xmXep3BrjBycAE9z2IrrV2rlwg
TTxU/B8xmvMsToBQpAbe+Cv130tEHsyW4UL9KZY1M9R+UHFPPmORjBKxSZvjJ1mS
UbUYN6PmMry35wCaFCfQoyTDUxBfxTGYqjaveQv4sxx0uvoiLXHt9cAm5Q8KJ+8d
FwIDAQAB
-----END PUBLIC KEY-----
';

$privateKey = '
-----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----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-----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
';

$rsa = new Pikirasa\RSA($publicKey, $privateKey);

$data = 'abc123';
$encrypted = $rsa->encrypt($data);
$decrypted = $rsa->decrypt($encrypted);
var_dump($decrypted); // 'abc123'
```

### Using Certificates with a Passphrase

The `Pikirasa\RSA` class accepts an optional 3rd parameter if your private key
is protected with a password.

```php
$rsa = new Pikirasa\RSA($publicKey, $privateKey, 'certificate_password');

$data = 'abc123';
$encrypted = $rsa->encrypt($data);
$decrypted = $rsa->decrypt($encrypted);
var_dump($decrypted); // 'abc123'
```

Commit message:

New purpose section added to README

README.md, after:

Pikirasa
========
Easy PKI public/private RSA key encryption using the OpenSSL extension.

What's up with the name?
------------------------
Pikirasa is just "PKI RSA" with a few exta vowels thrown in. Also, I created this project late on a Friday night, so I just couldn't bring myself to name it anything serious.

What is this for?
-----------------
Pikirasa is very lightweight wrapper around PHP's OpenSSL extension for encrypting and decrypting data with a known public/private key pair. It requires that you have the [OpenSSL extension](http://php.net/openssl) installed, and that your certificates have already been generated.

_Pikirasa is not a general purpose or all-encompassing encryption library_. If you need more encryption options, maximum system compatability, or if you need to generate RSA keys programatically, take a look at [phpseclib](https://github.com/phpseclib/phpseclib).

Example Usage
-------------

All your need is the full path to your public and/or private key files:
```php
$rsa = new Pikirasa\RSA('file://path/to/public.pem', 'file://path/to/private.pem');

$data = 'abc123';
$encrypted = $rsa->encrypt($data);
$decrypted = $rsa->decrypt($encrypted);
var_dump($decrypted); // 'abc123'
```

You can also use the string contents of your public and private keys instead of a file stream location:

```php
$publicKey = '
-----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY-----
MIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIBCgKCAQEA7o9A47JuO3wgZ/lbOIOs
Xc6cVSiCMsrglvORM/54StFRvcrxMi7OjXD6FX5fQpUOQYZfIOFZZMs6kmNXk8xO
hgTmdMJcBWolQ85acfAdWpTpCW29YMvXNARUDb8uJKAApsISnttyCnbvp7zYMdQm
HiTG/+bYaegSXzV3YN+Ej+ZcocubUpLp8Rpzz+xmXep3BrjBycAE9z2IrrV2rlwg
TTxU/B8xmvMsToBQpAbe+Cv130tEHsyW4UL9KZY1M9R+UHFPPmORjBKxSZvjJ1mS
UbUYN6PmMry35wCaFCfQoyTDUxBfxTGYqjaveQv4sxx0uvoiLXHt9cAm5Q8KJ+8d
FwIDAQAB
-----END PUBLIC KEY-----
';

$privateKey = '
-----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----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-----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
';

$rsa = new Pikirasa\RSA($publicKey, $privateKey);

$data = 'abc123';
$encrypted = $rsa->encrypt($data);
$decrypted = $rsa->decrypt($encrypted);
var_dump($decrypted); // 'abc123'
```

### Using Certificates with a Passphrase

The `Pikirasa\RSA` class accepts an optional 3rd parameter if your private key
is protected with a password.

```php
$rsa = new Pikirasa\RSA($publicKey, $privateKey, 'certificate_password');

$data = 'abc123';
$encrypted = $rsa->encrypt($data);
$decrypted = $rsa->decrypt($encrypted);
var_dump($decrypted); // 'abc123'
```
